you can work on your passing on your own
we're going to show you how to take your
passing to another level you can't
neglect the game of pass and we're gonna
give you all kind of passes that you're
going to be have to make in a game
you're going to be a more efficient in a
quicker path I got them Jason Wynn plays
an NBA did this numerous numerous times
a day you don't think every day you're
passing catching on one hand it won't
show up in the game yes it will you want
to separate yourself from the
competition you want to get some PT on
your team learn how to pass I guarantee
you 90% of the players out there won't
work on their passing on their own
member